---
title: Indonesia
permalink: /education-indonesia/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
---
<h1>Gadjah Mada University</h1><h4>International Program of Geodetic Engineering </h4><p>The Department Geodetic Engineering (DGE) was established in 1959 and has contributed significantly in educating geospatial professionals in Indonesia and the region. It has produced more than 3000 alumni, positioning the DGE as the biggest education entity in geodetic engineering in Indonesia. Good quality education and a strong network with universities and industries in Asia, Australia, America, Europe and Africa are the main reasons why the International Undergraduate Program of Geodetic Engineering is a convincing choice.</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>It is a tradition at DGE that collaboration should be done in a transdisciplinary manner. Past and present collaboration with international universities and agencies, including the United Nations, UNDP, UN-HABITAT, IOM, USAID, AuSAID, World Bank, and FIG strengthens international collaboration spirit in delivering research and education outcomes. While engineering and technical aspects are substantial, we view that other disciplines are as equally as essential in providing comprehensive solutions to any problems that require the contribution of geospatial discipline.</p><p><a href="https://geodesi.ugm.ac.id/international-undergraduate-program/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Find out more</a></p><p></p><h4>Bachelor of Applied Science in Geographic Information System</h4><p>Bachelor of Applied Science in Geographic Information System (GIS) is an applied study program of science, technology, and methods to solve problems by integrating hardware and software for data acquisition, managing, analysing, and presenting various type of geographic-referenced information. Our study program prepares students to engage in GIS applications i.e. location-based services, smart city, routing and logistic analysis, spatial planning, disaster and environment, agriculture and plantation, etc. Diploma IV in Geographic Information System is the pioneer in applied degree in Indonesia.</p><p><a href="https://sv.ugm.ac.id/en/education-2/department-of-earth-technology-2/geographic-information-system/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Find out more</a></p><p></p><h1>Institut Teknologi Bandung</h1><h4>Undergraduate Program in Geodesy and Geomatics Engineering</h4><p>Geodesy &amp; geomatics engineering is playing important role in determining the dynamics of the earth, producing precise positioning for any features on earth, imaging and monitoring the earth, producing high accuracy and 3-dimensionally geospatial data, processing and analyzing data to information to the decision, developing any geospatial information systems for solutions of environmental, social or even political problems.</p><p><a href="https://www.itb.ac.id/undergraduate-program-in-geodesy-and-geomatics-engineering" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Find out more</a></p><p></p><h1>Institut Teknologi Nasional Malang</h1><h4>Geodetic Engineering Study Program</h4><p>The Department of Geodesy Engineering ITN Malang is a forum for fostering the younger generation to become intermediate experts in the field of mapping surveys and spatial information systems in the future. The focus of the Geodetic scientific fields developed by Geodetic Engineering ITN Malang including: Remote Sensing, Geospatial Information Systems, Cadastral Surveys, and Hydrography.</p><p><a href="https://geodesi.itn.ac.id/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Find out more</a></p><p></p><h1>Institut Teknologi Padang</h1><h4>S1 Geodesy Engineering Study Program</h4><p>S1 Geodesy Engineering Study Program is a Study Program under the Department of Geodesy Engineering at the Faculty of Civil Engineering and Planning. Opened since 2002 in line with the change in the status of Padang Technical College to the Padang Institute of Technology.</p><p><a href="https://itp.ac.id/teknik-geodesi-s1/teknik-geodesi-s1" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Find out more</a></p><p></p><h1>Institut Teknologi Sepuluh Nopember</h1><h4>Geomatics Engineering Study Program</h4><p>Graduates with Bachelor of Geomatics Engineering will be able to use and develop science and technology in the fields of surveying and cadastral, geodesy and geodynamics, geospatial and geoinformatics to support national development in order to improve public welfare.</p><p><a href="https://www.its.ac.id/tgeomatika/academics-study-program-undergraduate-program-courses/#1602477971090-3cf7f4d5-5ed5" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Find out more</a></p><p></p><h1>Universitas Hasanuddin</h1><h4>Program Studi Teknik Geologi</h4><p>The study program combines geology and engineering science to support different areas of studies such as Mining, Geology and Earth and Environmental Technology.</p><p><a href="https://eng.unhas.ac.id/geology/akademik/sarjana" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Find out more</a></p><p></p><p></p><p></p>