---
title: Malaysia
permalink: /education-malaysia/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
---
<h1>Karlsruhe Institute of Technology</h1><h4>Remote Sensing and Geoinformatics Master of Science (M. Sc.) </h4><p>The goal of this MSc program is to convey the ability to independently apply scientific knowledge and methods to evaluate and solve complex scientific and social problems. To this end, a mixture of basic skills and advanced methods and applications make up the program.</p><p><a href="https://www.sle.kit.edu/english/vorstudium/master-remote-sensing-geoinformatics.php" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Find out more</a></p><p></p><h1>Universiti Geomatika Malaysia</h1><h4>Bachelor of Science (Hons) Geomatic &amp; Land Surveying</h4><p>Bachelor of Science (Hons) in Geomatic and Land Surveying course is specially designed according to the latest developments in the field of Geomatics and Land Surveying to meet industry needs and the rapid development of technology. The program is also sought after by Diploma students who need a superior platform to enhance their education to enable them to pursue a career in the field of land surveying and the results of discussions with the industry to become a member of the Board of Review / External Advisory Panel appointed by the college we show the specific needs to the field of Geomatics and Land Surveying.</p><p><a href="https://www.geomatika.edu.my/bsc-hons-geomatic-land-surveying/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Find out more</a></p><p></p><h1>Universiti Putra Malaysia</h1><h4>Postgraduate programme in Geographic Information System</h4><p>The postgraduate programme in Geographic Information System (GIS) focuses on the integration of hardware, software for capturing, managing, manipulating, analysing, and displaying all forms of geographically referenced information (spatial) data and the utilisation of a GIS that reveals relationships. This field covers GIS concepts including spatial data structures, data sources and transfer methods, projections and coordinate systems, georeferencing, metadata, supporting software, global positioning systems, the acquisition and compilation of data from maps, field surveys, aerial photographs and satellite images, the integration of remote sensing and GIS, as well as fundamental and advanced spatial analysis techniques such as overlay, extraction, and interpolation, etc. The area of research also covers integration of satellite technology and GIS for various multi-disciplinary earth observation applications in disaster modeling, environmental applications, marine and coastal applications, natural resources and urban development applications.</p><p><a href="https://sgs.upm.edu.my/content/geographic_information_system-60152?=en" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Find out more</a></p><h4>Remote Sensing</h4><p>This field of study focuses on remote sensing technology, data acquisition and measurement, processing and analysis of digital images, utilisation of new techniques, and remote sensing applications.</p><p><a href="https://sgs.upm.edu.my/content/remote_sensing-59993?=en" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Find out more</a></p><p></p><h1>Universiti Teknologi Malaysia</h1><h4>Bachelor of Engineering (Geomatic)</h4><p>Students will gain in-depth knowledge in geomatic engineering, competence and skillsets in managing geomatic engineering projects to analyse, maintain, update and synthesise geo-spatial data for specific purposes and in compliance with the relevant laws.</p><p><a href="https://builtsurvey.utm.my/facelift/academic/undergraduate/geomatic/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Find out more</a></p><h4>Bachelor of Geomatics Engineering with Honours</h4><p>Bachelor of Geomatics Engineering with Honours is one of the oldest programme in UTM. It was first introduced in the early 1970s. Prior to 1994, the programme was known as Bachelor of Surveying (Land). This bachelor programme strives to deliver a quality educational experience via emerging geomatics technologies towards providing a significant contribution to the needs of the surveying and Geomatics Engineering profession nationwide.</p><p><a href="https://builtsurvey.utm.my/academic/bachelor-of-geomatics-engineering/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Find out more</a></p><h4>Bachelor of Science Geoinformatics with Honours</h4><p>Geoinformatics is the art and science of gathering, processing, manipulating, managing, disseminating and applying geospatial data. The B. Sc. (Geoinformatics) programme is intended to produce professionals who are capable of using information technology (IT) to handle geospatial information for the economic, social and physical development of the country. Since its inception, as many as 556 graduates had successfully completed this programme.</p><p><a href="https://builtsurvey.utm.my/academic/bachelor-of-science-geoinformatics/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Find out more</a></p><h4>Master of Science (Geoinformatics)</h4><p>This is one of the core courses designed to provide an understanding of theory and principles of geospatial information science and technology (GI S&amp;T) and basic skills in using Geographic Information System (GIS) software. The topics covered include: Concepts of geospatial data, Digital data storage, Computer software, Model &amp; data structure of geospatial data, GIS System procurement etc.</p><p><a href="https://builtsurvey.utm.my/academic/master-of-science-geoinformatics/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Find out more</a></p><h4>Master of Science (Geomatic Engineering)</h4><p>The Master of Science (Geomatics Engineering) course consists of 6 core courses, 3 elective courses and 1 University course. The elective courses are divided into two specializations (Survey &amp; Mapping, and Utility Mapping). In addition to these subjects, students are required to submit a Master Project worth of 8 credits. To graduate, students must complete a total of 45 credits and they are assessed through assignments, presentations and final examination.</p><p><a href="https://builtsurvey.utm.my/academic/master-of-science-geomatic-engineering/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Find out more</a></p><p></p>