---
title: Singapore
permalink: /education-singapore/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
---
<h1>National University Singapore</h1><h4>Master of Science in Applied Geographic Information Systems</h4><p>Two tracks are offered in this programme. The Thesis Track includes a research thesis component, which covers thesis preparation (GE5225) and the GIS research thesis itself (GE6225). It aims to attract students with interests in applied GIS research and developing their research skills. The Project Track includes a GIS project component (GE6226). It aims to attract students who require practical GIS skills or an upgrade to their existing GIS expertise to progress their careers.</p><p><a href="https://fass.nus.edu.sg/geog/msc-in-applied-gis/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Find out more</a></p><h4>Minor in Geographic Information Systems</h4><p>The GIS Minor programme will produce graduates who are equipped to function as GIS specialists in industry, government and academia. It will provide students with an interdisciplinary educational opportunity to enhance their individual disciplines through the study and application of GIS theory, methods and technologies; endow students with the geographical concepts and practical skills necessary to enter the job market as GIS specialists; and develop individuals with a broad grasp of GIS technology, and who are not only technologically competent but also solution-oriented.</p><p><a href="https://fass.nus.edu.sg/geog/minor-programmes/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Find out more</a></p><p></p><h1>Singapore Institute of Management</h1><h4>Bachelor of Science (Geographic Information Science)</h4><p>Awarded and developed by University at Buffalo, The State University of New York, US, the Bachelor of Science (Geographic Information Science) degree provides students with cutting-edge knowledge, skills, and abilities in using geospatial sciences, and this includes geographical information systems (GIS), remote sensing, locational analysis, and geographic visualisation.</p><p><a href="https://www.sim.edu.sg/degrees-diplomas/programmes/programme-listing/bachelor-of-science-geographic-information-science" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Find out more</a></p><p></p><h1>Singapore Management University </h1><h4>Geospatial Analytics &amp; Applications</h4><p>This course provides students with an introduction to the concepts, principles and methods of geospatial analytics and their practical applications of geospatial analytics in real world operations. Fundamental and advanced topics covered include (but not limited to) spatial data models, data quality, cartographic principles, spatial analysis, network analysis, accessibility studies, land use classification and change detection, remote sensing image processing. In addition, hands-on training will also be conducted accordingly, applications of geospatial analytics in business, social sciences, humanities, environmental studies etc., such as urban heat island effect and urban mobilities, will also be covered.</p><p><a href="https://x.smu.edu.sg/courses/geospatial-analytics-applications-2" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Find out more</a></p><p></p>