---
title: Indonesia
permalink: /careers-indonesia/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
---
<p><em>Note: Career opportunities are updated periodically and may not reflect the latest job openings.</em></p><h2>AMAK Mining Co</h2><h4>Organisation Profile</h4><p>Al-Masane Al-Kobra Mining Co. (AMAK) is a private mining company registered and licensed by the Ministry of Industry and Mineral Resources and is located in the Najran region in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.</p><p>Since inception in 2008, Al Masane Al Kobra Mining Company has adopted a long- term advanced business strategy, based on the research and sustainable growth of its technical and operational infrastructure to support all of its various activities. AMAK aims to achieve an array of a major successes in order to be the leader in the private mining sector in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.</p><h4>Job Opportunities and Description</h4><p><strong>Mine Geologist</strong></p><p><a href="https://id.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c75dacdddcccf40f&amp;from=serp&amp;vjs=3" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Find out more</a></p><p></p><h2>Furgo</h2><h4>Organisation Profile</h4><p>Fugro uses Geo-data to take away uncertainties and decrease risks while building various items such as offshore wind farms or even a power lie grid they do so by establishing site and route characteristics, mapping the Earth's surface and subsurface.</p><h4>Job Opportunities and Description</h4><p><strong>Senior Surveyor</strong></p><p>Is responsible for planning and executing positioning and navigation tasks and data acquisition on, and/or leading, projects of medium to high complexity.</p><p>Is ultimately responsible for all surveyor-related aspects of the project, including the correct offsets, measurements and calibrations of positioning equipment, the set-up and/or operation of survey equipment, carrying out computations and the compilation of survey reports and the appropriate QC of data, computations, and reports.</p><p>Solves complex problems or problems where precedent may not exist.</p><p>Proposes improvements of research methods and quality systems and more.</p><p><a href="https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/3744678277" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Find out more</a></p><p></p><h2>Geoindo</h2><h4>Organisation Profile</h4><p>Established since 1994 with head office based in Bandung, Java. Geoindo has an association with Trikonex Ltd. for overseas surveys, and BB Consulting Ltd. In the UK for the latest “state of the art” survey equipment and training.</p><h4>Job Opportunities and Description</h4><p><strong>Surveyor</strong></p><p><a href="https://id.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c85ad29648f905d8&amp;from=serp&amp;vjs=3" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Find out more</a></p><p></p><h2>Nusantara Secom InfoTech</h2><h4>Organisation Profile</h4><p>NSI provides GIS application development services on various platform and technologies. We understand the customer requirements and provide a complete solutions suite to meet their business challenges and work more effectively.</p><p>Our GIS application development services are available on web, mobile and enterprise environment. With expertise in geographic information systems, database design, application development, and also in integrating applications with industry-standard technologies, our GIS Solutions is able to deliver timely, high quality, innovative GIS-based solutions.</p><h4>Job Opportunities and Description</h4><p><strong>Software Developer</strong></p><ol><li><p>Develop programs and perform maintenance for web application.</p></li><li><p>Involved in Software Development Life Cycle processes for Geographic Information System (GIS) division.</p><p><a href="https://www.nsi.co.id/jobs/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Find out more</a></p></li></ol><p></p><p></p>