---
title: Malaysia
permalink: /careers-malaysia/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
---
<p><em>Note: Career opportunities are updated periodically and may not reflect the latest job openings.</em></p><h2>Confluence Geospatial Services</h2><h4>Organisation Profile</h4><p>Confluence Geospatial Services is one of the largest Geospatial consulting companies in Malaysia and Southeast Asia with over 100 Geospatial Consultants actively engaged in delivering value all over the world.</p><h4>Job Opportunities and Description</h4><p><strong>GIS &amp; Technical Support Analyst</strong></p><p>Provide high-quality support to end users software to solve technical problems quickly and effectively.</p><p>Provide support and technical issue of resolution via E-Mail, phone and other electronic medium.</p><p>Identify, understand, and recommend solutions for customer issues or questions using working knowledge of ArcGIS including ArcGIS Desktop, ArcGIS Server, and related ArcGIS Server products and technologies.</p><p><a href="https://confluencecontours.com/career/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Find out more</a></p><p></p><h2>Mangkubumi Sdn Bhd</h2><h4>Organisation Profile</h4><p>Founded in 2001, Mangkubumi Sdn Bhd (546556-H) is a 100% bumiputera owned company that provides civil engineering and infrastructure works. Mangkubumi Sdn Bhd is a certified ISO 900:2015 company and is also a G7 contractor that is registered with CIDB, BPKU &amp; MOF. Mangkubumi Sdn Bhd has successfully built its presence as among the top construction company in Malaysia and completed various roadwork, bridges construction and sewerage projects ahead of schedule.</p><h4>Job Opportunities and Description</h4><p><strong>Geologist</strong></p><p>Assist Engineer to analyse and provide recommendations for slope design and failures using available analytical techniques including numerical models and limit equilibrium methods.</p><p>Inspect slope to check for sign of geotechnical stress, instability, rock fall or other hazardous conditions.</p><p>Collect, understand, install, analyse and interpret slope monitoring data from prisms, extensometers and inclinometers and ground water data from piezometers. This includes data collection, utilizing software and presenting and reporting monthly or weekly as needed.</p><p><a href="https://malaysia.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d874fc4131fbaeae&amp;tk=1hgv17kd8k47k802&amp;from=serp&amp;vjs=3" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Find out more</a></p><p></p><h2>Schneider Electric</h2><h4>Organisation Profile</h4><p>Schneider Electric's purpose is to empower all to make the most of our energy and resources, bridging progress and sustainability for all.</p><h4>Job Opportunities and Description</h4><p><strong>GIS Solution Architect</strong></p><p>Technical leadership responsibility for one or more concurrent projects that require custom software design and deployment. For each project to which he/she is assigned, the Solution Architect should have a full understanding of implementation requirements and how multiple pieces of the implementation will fit together</p><p>Work with Project Managers to define the best technical approach to meet customer business requirements using one or more Schneider offerings</p><p>Lead project requirement gathering workshops and develop resulting documentation</p><p><a href="https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/3582974076" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Find out more</a></p><p></p><h2>Setia Geosolutions</h2><h4>Organisation Profile</h4><p>Anticipating the ever-changing demands and future technological trends in the geospatial industry, in 2017, Jurukur Setia Sdn Bhd has undertaken a rebranding process and change its name to Setia Geosolutions Sdn Bhd. Investing heavily into better facilities and technological upgrades, Setia Geosolutions Sdn Bhd is charting its path into the future confidently.</p><p>With over 50 years of in-depth expertise of the geospatial industry and the ability to move forward and re-invent itself in-tune with the future demands, Setia Geosolutions Sdn Bhd is repositioning itself for an auspicious future by staying relevant and true to our Vision…‘To be an Excellent Integrated Geospatial Solutions Provider Globally’.</p><h4>Job Opportunities and Description</h4><p><strong>Project Assistant (Data Processing)</strong></p><p><strong>GIS/IT Programmer</strong></p><p><a href="https://www.setiageosolutions.com/vacancy-available" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Find out more</a></p><p></p>