---
title: Myanmar
permalink: /careers-myanmar/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
---
<p>Note</p><h2>ATOM (Advancing Telecommunications of Myanmar)</h2><h4>Organisation Profile</h4><p>Powered by the nation’s best 4.5G network, we offer a wide range of affordable, secure and world-class digital products and services that improve lives, transform businesses, and strengthen communities.</p><p>As a responsible business, we are committed to continuous technological innovation and digital inclusion. Our vision is to propel Myanmarwith advanced connectivity for the people to experience life “beyond better”.</p><h4>Job Opportunities and Description</h4><p><strong>Sr. Manager, Geo Marketing Analytics</strong></p><p>Conduct Market research, field visits and analysis to identify new areas of expansion.</p><p>Monitor and analyze site performance and work with Sales/Network team to improve underperforming sites / geographies</p><p>Plan with stakeholders on Geo-Marketing activities and interventions based on market opportunities (including festivals, other localized activities / celebrations), competition activities and economic dynamics</p><p>Responsible for maintaining site database and related information for the use of all key stakeholders</p><p><a href="https://www.jobnet.com.mm/job/sr-manager-geo-marketing-analytics-atom/91788" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Find out more</a></p><p></p><h2>Young Investment Group</h2><h4>Organisation Profile</h4><p>Young Investment Group is a multi-industry, multinational conglomerate with its headquarter in Myanmar. We have operations in Myanmar, China and Singapore and are now growing rapidly. We have built a strong base in Myanmar and are duly recognized as one of the fastest growing conglomerate in Myanmar.</p><h4>Job Opportunities and Description</h4><p><strong>Senior Geologist</strong></p><p>1. Analyze existing seismic data, well logs, test data and production data, report on findings and refine leads and prospects. Source additional missing data from MOGE and other sources.<br>2. Contribute to prospect and leads ranking and risking and assist in selecting drilling locations.<br>3. Prepare well proposal documents.<br>4. Prepare and present monthly technical reports and updates for MOGE and more.</p><p><a href="https://www.jobsinyangon.com/app/job-detail-senior-geologist-young-investment-group?id=151220221406521525&amp;back=1" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Find out more</a></p><p></p>