---
title: Singapore
permalink: /careers-singapore/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
---
<p>Note</p><h2>Credent Technology</h2><h4>Organisation Profile</h4><p>Credent is a leading spatial information technology provider in South East Asia. Headquartered in Singaporesince 1984, we have long been recognized among the nation's leading 500 small-medium enterprises (SME).</p><p>We have vast experience in the application of geospatial technologies across a range of industries encompassing forestry, mining, energy, infrastructure and agriculture. We focus on the application of aviation &amp; survey technologies to provide specialized solutions for survey professionals and users of spatial information.</p><h4>Job Opportunities and Description</h4><p><strong>Systems Programmer</strong></p><p>To work with client to interpret and flesh out project requirement into tangible project scope of work</p><p>Conduct research and propose software and components to meet system requirement</p><p>Design and develop software programs to support project requirements</p><p>Conduct systems testing to ensure conformance to project requirements</p><p>Produce documentation for software design architecture and technical documents</p><p><a href="http://www.credent-asia.com/careers.html" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Find out more</a></p><p></p><h2>Microsoft</h2><h4>Organisation Profile</h4><p>Microsoft Corporation  is an American multinational technology company with headquarters in Redmond, Washington. It develops, manufactures, licenses, supports, and sells computer software, consumer electronics, personal computers, and related services.</p><h4>Job Opportunities and Description</h4><p><strong>Fiber Delivery Engineering GIS</strong></p><p>Provide commercial team support, by offering technical expertise and drawings for the diversity, identification POE and internal routing to termination points.</p><p>Maintain accurate and up-to-date GIS data related to fiber network infrastructure, by leveraging your deep knowledge of fiber network construction, vaults, and associated components to inform GIS data accuracy.</p><p>Collaborate with Azure and the global GIS team to ensure consistency and compliance across regions.</p><p>Implement quality control processes to identify and rectify inaccuracies or inconsistencies in GIS data and more.</p><p><a href="https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/3765128403" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Find out more</a></p><p></p><h2>Ministry of Defence</h2><h4>Organisation Profile</h4><p>Ministry of Defence enhance Singapore's peace and security through deterrence and diplomacy, and should these fail, to secure a swift and decisive victory over the aggressor.</p><h4>Job Opportunities and Description</h4><p><strong>Assistant Manager Geospatial Modelling </strong></p><p>You establish, plan, and schedule various mapping workflows, and liaise with external users on their mapping requirements, and carry out amendments to existing map data to suit operational needs. You conduct proof and quality checks on all maps and imagery products to ensure they meet stringent accuracy and quality requirements. You supervise a team of specialists, and ensure their work conforms to industry standards. You also assist in the evaluation and training of new technologies and software, and support the integration with the existing mapping systems and processes. Your challenge lies with understanding the purpose and intent of the maps being created, make discerning decisions and establish appropriate map specifications and layouts for the various operational maps, work with tight deadlines without compromising the end product, and keeping abreast with the latest technological developments.</p><p><a href="https://www.glassdoor.sg/job-listing/assistant-manager-geospatial-modelling-ministry-of-defence-singapore-JV_KO0,38_KE39,68.htm?jl=1006768473837&amp;cs=1_afa0f7a4&amp;s=58&amp;t=SR&amp;pos=102&amp;src=GD_JOB_AD&amp;guid=0000018d3041e28faaee16e7e7ef0f6b&amp;jobListingId=1006768473837&amp;ao=1136043&amp;vt=w&amp;jrtk=5-pdx1-0-1hko43omr2463000-7cf465e33ebd85d9&amp;cb=1705911641009&amp;ctt=1705911718165" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Find out more</a></p><p></p><h2>National University of Singapore</h2><h4>Organisation Profile</h4><p>Located in one of the most culturally diverse and technologically advanced cities in the world, at the centre of an extremely dynamic and exciting region, Geography at the National University of Singapore(NUS) has a long and proud history. This history dates back to 1928, when Geography became one of the first subjects offered in the Faculty of Arts at Raffles College, and what was eventually to become the NUS. Fast forward to the present and we are now firmly established as Asia’s leading Department of Geography, consistently ranked among the top geography departments globally, and part of NUS’s College of Humanities and Sciences. This reputation is in part built upon research excellence in three key areas: tropical environmental change, social and cultural geographies, and political and economic geography. It is also, however, a product of a long-standing commitment to collegiality, inclusion, safety and mutual respect.</p><h4>Job Opportunities and Description</h4><p><strong>Lecturer/Senior Lecturer in GIS</strong></p><p>The Department of Geography at the National University of Singapore (NUS) invites applications for a full-time Lecturer/Senior Lecturer on the Educator Track in Geographic Information Science (GIS). The Educator Track at NUS provides opportunities for promotion up to associate and full professor and aims to attract, nurture and retain suitably qualified and highly effective faculty who approach teaching as a scholarly practice, and who are passionate about excellence in teaching as a means of supporting student learning.</p><p><a href="https://fass.nus.edu.sg/geog/2023/11/30/job-opportunity-lecturer-senior-lecturer-in-geographic-information-science-educator-track/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Find out more</a></p><p></p>