---
title: Thailand
permalink: /careers-thailand/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
---
<p>Note: Career opportunities are updated periodically and may not reflect the </p><h2>Mekong River Commission </h2><h4>Organisation Profile</h4><p>Promote and coordinate sustainable management and development of water and related resources for the mutual benefits of the lower Mekong countries and the people's well-being.</p><h4>Job Opportunities and Description</h4><p><strong>Remote Sensing &amp; GIS Specialist</strong></p><p>Coordinate, support and carry out the analysis of remote-sensed data for MRC activities as necessary;</p><p>Create GIS maps from remote sending analysis;</p><p>Upgrade and update hydrological atlas and GIS files in close collaboration with Chief Hydrologist;</p><p>Coordinate and cooperate with remote sensing institutions and specialists at the national level;</p><p>Contribute to acquisition, development and maintenance of applications for remote sensing;</p><p>Develop and maintain geo-spatial database and conduct analysis;</p><p>Provide capacity building services to relevant national agencies including GIS, RS, GPS, cartography and visualization of map design and more.</p><p><a href="https://www.mrcmekong.org/about/working-with-mrc/employment/remote-sensing-and-gis-specialist-rp034-ts/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Find out more</a></p><p></p><h2>Navagis</h2><h4>Organisation Profile</h4><p>Navagis has worked in various industries and across different organizational types including small businesses, start ups, government, and large enterprises.</p><p>They operate all around the world and help our international client base solve various locational intelligence problems with our software solutions. </p><h4>Job Opportunities and Description</h4><p><strong>Sales Manager - Software</strong></p><p>Identify, qualify, and close new customer sales opportunities to generate sales revenues that meet or exceed assigned goals.</p><p>Collaborate with the leadership team to define our overall sales strategy to develop products and solutions responsive to the customer’s business.</p><p>Conducts introductory and high-level presentations, including the demonstration of the Navagis solution.</p><p>Work closely with Partners to build a network of contacts in Navagis’ key market verticals to produce opportunities and more.</p><p>This is a consulting contract position for an initial duration of 6 months, with the possibility of converting to a full-time role based on performance and business requirements.</p><p><a href="https://www.glassdoor.com/Job/thailand-geospatial-jobs-SRCH_IL.0,8_IN229_KO9,19.htm" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Find out more</a></p><p></p><h2>PASCO</h2><h4>Organisation Profile</h4><p>PASCO Group collects and analyses geospatial information globally. The results are used to create maps, in academic research, and in enhancing homeland security. PASCO uses many ways of collecting geospatial information, and information is gathered from all angles - through satellites, aircrafts, land vehicles, and ships.</p><h4>Job Opportunities and Description</h4><p><strong>Digital and Ortho Mapping Production Officer</strong></p><p>Produce aerial imagery maps using AutoCAD, Summit Evolution, ArcGIS, Inpho, Erdas and Photoshop.</p><p><a href="https://pascoth.com/en/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Find out more</a></p><p></p><h2>Supermap</h2><h4>Organisation Profile</h4><p>SuperMap focuses on providing innovative GIS platform software and solutions for various industries, such as smart city, land management, real estate, urban planning, pipeline management, public service, etc.</p><h4>Job Opportunities and Description</h4><p><strong>Business Development Manager</strong></p><ol data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Prepare local marketing materials in Thailand and doing market research in Thailand.</p></li><li><p>Work autonomously within established procedures and practices; proposing improvements to help company to do marketing branding for SuperMap in Thailand.</p></li><li><p>Create demo and help team to formulate GIS solutions in situations that are typical or occur frequently based on existing precedents or procedures.</p></li><li><p>Connect with people, expand relationship and connections and impact the team’s results through the quality and effectiveness of own work.</p></li></ol><p><a href="https://www.supermap.com/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Find out more</a></p><p></p><p></p><p></p>