---
title: The Philippines
permalink: /careers-philippines/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
---
<p>Note:</p><p>Arcadis</p><p>Organisation Profile</p><p>Arcadis Philippines Inc. is the country’s leading provider of construction consultancy services for natural and built assets. Having worked on various projects nationwide, covering both the private and public sectors. Our diverse sets of services cater for infrastructure, residential, commercial, industrial, education, health care, recreation facilities, hospitality and interior fit outs projects.</p><p>Job Opportunities and Description</p><p>Senior BIM Modeller</p><p>Participate in the production of 2D drawings from BIM models with accuracy ensuring drawings produced are according to the Arcadis and/or the Client’s Drafting Standards and Procedures, and the drawing submission schedule is achieved. Prepare and update 3D BIM models for development of CSD models for submissions</p><p>Participate the CSD coordination meetings with engineers and designers</p><p>Define all the CSD issues and prepare and distribute the issues accordingly. Follow up with the project team on CSD and BIM model updates</p><p><a href="https://ph.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=6abc5a98adebc10c&amp;from=serp&amp;vjs=3" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Find out more</a></p><p></p><p>Asticom Group of Companies</p><p>Organisation Profile</p><p>Asticom Group of Companies is a Philippine-based shared services company that provides staffing and tech solutions that empower businesses towards meaningful growth</p><p>Job Opportunities and Description</p><p>Data Analyst</p><p>Use different business intelligence application and geospatial tools (Alteryx, MySQL, Trello, Tableau, QGIS, Geoogle Earth) </p><p>Perform demand assessment support activities in Map and Boundary creation </p><p>Managing master data, provide data auditing and quality assurance of imported data, specifically, data consolidation, creation, updates, and deletion. Data encoding and record keeping by encoding and managing consolidated data to an assigned server for future reference and use. Acquire data from primary or secondary data sources and maintain databases/data systems such as data extraction</p><p>Generate reports and assessment using Microsoft Office application and business intelligence based on interpreted data and analyzed results depending on business needs</p><p><a href="https://ph.indeed.com/viewjob?cmp=ASTICOM-Technology-Inc.&amp;t=Data+Analyst&amp;jk=75a9af85b6e698b3&amp;xpse=SoBz67I3HcAaQKzUhh0LbzkdCdPP&amp;xkcb=SoA-67M3HcAcWoA0hz0NbzkdCdPP&amp;vjs=3" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Find out more</a></p><p></p><p>Certeza Indosys Corp.</p><p>Organisation Profile</p><p>1. Field data collection through land-based, airborne, and spaceborne sensors</p><p>2. Provide engineering and geospatial software solutions</p><p>3. Provide land-based and airborne surveying equipment</p><p>Job Opportunities and Description</p><p>Project Coordinator </p><p>Business Development Specialist </p><p>GIS Specialist </p><p>Technical Sales CAD / Geospatial </p><p><a href="https://www.certezainfosys.com/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Find out more</a></p><p></p><p>Fugro</p><p>Organisation Profile</p><p>Apply use of geo-data to develop safer, more sustainable, and more efficienct operations to create a safe and liveable world </p><p>Job Opportunities and Description</p><p>Responsible for all surveyor-related aspects of the project, including the correct offsets, measurements and calibrations of positioning equipment, the set-up and/or operation of survey equipment.</p><p>Performs complex geospatial work around the process of acquiring, collating, processing, QC, analyzing, and reporting of complete and high-quality geospatial data to provide accurate and customized data deliverables to clients.</p><p>Coordinating the analysis and reporting of post-processed office and field related geodata.</p><p>Carrying out complex computations and compilation of data analysis reports and more.</p><p><a href="https://ph.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=b007141f6cf86c71&amp;from=serp&amp;vjs=3" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Find out more</a></p><p></p><p></p><p></p>