---
title: Vietnam
permalink: /careers-vietnam/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
---
<p><em>Note: Career opportunities are updated periodically and may not reflect the latest job openings. </em></p><h2>GeoViet Consulting</h2><h4>Organisation Profile</h4><p>GeoViet Consulting offers the following services:</p><p>1. In-house research and consulting services to provide quality products and practical geospatial solutions </p><p>2. Training and education on GIS, remote sensing, geoinformatics, and data analysis</p><p>3. Share updated geo-technology news, trends, and practical applications in Vietnam in the Quarterly Geo-Technology Bulletins</p><h4>Job Opportunities and Description</h4><p><strong>Partner and Associate Programme</strong></p><p>Research and consulting on application of geospatial technology in the fields of urban areas, infrastructure, energy, security and safety, agriculture, environmental resources, and climate change </p><p>Research and consulting on digital transmission, geo-marketing applications, and map-based business support</p><p>Research and consulting on geospatial technology and data science</p><p><strong>Internship Programme</strong></p><p>Learn and apply geospatial techniques (remote sensing, GIS, GPS) in digital transformation, urban applications, infrastructure, energy, security and safety, agriculture, environmental resources, and climate change</p><p>Learn and apply GIS tecniques and data science in geo-marketing and business management applications based on digital maps</p><p>Interns will receive free on-the-job vocational training through company's ongoing projects </p><p>Internship period is 1 to 3 months. After probationary period, successful interns will have the opportunity to work at GeoViet Consulting if desired, or be introduced to partner companies.</p><p><a href="https://geoviet.vn/trang-chu/en" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Find out more</a></p><p></p><h2>Mekong River Commission </h2><h4>Organisation Profile</h4><p>Promote and coordinate sustainable management and development of water and related resources for the mutual benefits of the lower Mekong countries and the people's well-being.</p><h4>Job Opportunities and Description</h4><p><strong>Remote Sensing &amp; GIS Specialist</strong></p><p>Coordinate, support and carry out the analysis of remote-sensed data for MRC activities as necessary;</p><p>Create GIS maps from remote sending analysis;</p><p>Upgrade and update hydrological atlas and GIS files in close collaboration with Chief Hydrologist;</p><p>Coordinate and cooperate with remote sensing institutions and specialists at the national level;</p><p>Contribute to acquisition, development and maintenance of applications for remote sensing;</p><p>Develop and maintain geo-spatial database and conduct analysis;</p><p>Provide capacity building services to relevant national agencies including GIS, RS, GPS, cartography and visualization of map design and more.</p><p><a href="https://www.mrcmekong.org/about/working-with-mrc/employment/remote-sensing-and-gis-specialist-rp034-ts/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Find out more</a></p><p></p><h2>VietMap</h2><h4>Organisation Profile</h4><p>Throughout its operation, VIETMAP has constantly strived every day to bring peace of mind, comfort, and efficiency to customers in the transportation field with high quality products and services. </p><h4>Job Opportunities and Description</h4><p>GIS Specialist</p><p>Use geographic information systems (GIS) and C# programming language to collect, analyze, and visualize geographic data</p><p>Collect and manage spatial data, perform spatial analysis </p><p>Create maps and other visualisations</p><p>Develop and maintain GIS databases. Design, develop and maintain GIS software applications and web-based applications </p><p><a href="https://jobs.vn.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=42bd286cd55d1f7c&amp;from=serp&amp;vjs=3" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Find out more</a></p><p></p><h2>VNG Solutions</h2><h4>Organisation Profile</h4><p>VNG Solutions is a subsidiary of VNG Corporation, a reputable Vietnamese provider of IT services and technology on a global scale, dedicated to providing enterprise-level sevrices and empowering customers and society to advance decisively into the digital future.</p><h4>Job Opportunities and Description</h4><p><strong>DevOps Engineer (Geospatial Data)</strong></p><p>Design, implement, and maintain DevOps processes for geospatial data applications. Deploy and configure cloud services in Azure, AWS, and Google Cloud to support enterprise GIS installations and data-centric applications.</p><p>Manage geospatial databases, ensuring optimal performance and scalability. Implement and automate deployment processes for geospatial data applications. Ensure security best practices for geospatial data storage and processing.</p><p>Collaborate with clients, project managers, developers, GIS analysts, and other stakeholders to understand client needs and architect appropriate solutions.</p><p><a href="https://jobs.vn.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=7230cf53022e85cc&amp;from=serp&amp;vjs=3" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Find out more</a></p><p></p>